1) I will study history in college if I get a good score on my exam.
2 Do you really think you would be happier if you had more money?
3 You won't play the piano well until you practice for longer.
4 The test won’t start until everybody is quiet.
5 Could you phone Adriana before you go to lunch, please?
6 If we had a lot of money, we’d buy a house in the country.
7 Unless it’s really cold, we’ll have lunch outside tomorrow.
8 I won’t speak to her unless she apologizes.
9 They’re staying in a rented apartment until they find a house to buy.
10 If I was you, I would look for a better job.
11 What will we do if we can’t find their house?
12 If we don’t get to the concert early, we _ won’t get good seats.
13 I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t think it was true.
14 If the taxi doesn’t come soon, we’re going to be late.
15 She’ll be really pleased if she passes  the test.
16 What would you do if you won the competition?
17 We’ll have something to eat  as soon as we get home.
18 I’ll say goodnight to the children after I finish cooking.
19 If you learned Chinese, you could get a job in Beijing.
20 Let me know as soon as Katie arrives.
  

VOCABULARY

1 We like our new principal . He’s strict but fair.
2 She’s completely honest. She never cheats on tests.
3 This semester, we are learning about mountains in our geography lessons.
4 I wouldn’t like to go to a boarding school. I like living at home.
5 We never misbehave in school – we’re never noisy and we’re always polite to the teacher.
6 I study a lot before exams so I can get good grades.
7 He was expelled from high school and had to get a tutor.
8 My dad doesn’t allow me to bike to school.
9 I’m going to take my final exams next week.
10 In the USA, children begin middle school when they are 11 years old.

b 
11 Jenny’s new house is in the country.
12 We keep a lot of our old stuff in boxes in the basement.
13 In summer they have barbecues on the patio.
14 They always have a wood fire in the living room in winter.
15 The rooms are really big, so the whole apartment feels very spacious.

16 you can go through this to reach backyard
gate
17 the top part of the inside of a room
ceiling 
18 smoke comes out of this
chimney 
19 an area far from downtown
suburb 
20 the highest level of an apartment building
top floor